What is one important skill that you think everyone should have?
There are now 25 hours in a day! How do you spend your extra hour?
What was the most fun thing you did last weekend?
What is one thing you are looking forward to doing when you retire?
What is one of your greatest achievements?
If you could change one thing about your job, what would it be?
What activity helps you relieve stress?
What class did you take in school that helps you with your job?
Professional, casual or sweatpants? If there were no dress code, how would you dress for work?
When you were a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
Science fiction. Love it or hate it?
At a company field day, what is the event that you would most likely win?
What is a unique skill you bring to your job?
What movie can you watch over and over again?
If you could have dinner with any famous person, who would you choose?
If all the superheroes went to battle against each other, who do you think would win?
What’s your biggest fear? What’s the biggest fear you’ve ever faced?
If you could only pick three foods to eat for a month, which foods would you choose?
If you could have any job in the world, what would you do?
If you could compete in any Olympic sport, which would it be?
If you could be reincarnated as any animal, what would you be?
What’s your favorite childhood board game?
If you could take a month to travel anywhere, where would you go?
If you could time travel, which period of time would you go back to visit?
What would you do with your 15 minutes of fame?
What’s the best book you’ve read so far this year?
Which holiday is your favorite and why?
Who was your favorite teacher?
What was your favorite childhood bedtime story that you can still quote?
If you could tour with any band, which band would you choose?
If you could star in a movie with any famous actor/actress, who would you choose as your costar?
If you won the lottery, what’s the first thing you would buy?
What’s your best idea for an invention?
What do you hope to be doing 10 years from now?
If you could take a year off from work, what would you do?
What is your favorite TV series for binge watching?
What is your favorite line from a poem or song?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
What is your favorite dessert?
If you could have any famous artist — dead or alive — create a work of art just for you, who would you commission?
What was your favorite childhood cartoon?
What is the best piece of advice you have been given?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
What is your least favorite fashion trend that you are opting out of this season?
If you could have any super power, what would it be?
If you could be on any game show, which would you choose?
How do you keep up with what’s going on in the world?
Reality TV. Love it or hate it?
Would you rather spend a year in space or living on a submarine?
If you could be any character from a childhood fairytale, who would you be?
Best sandwich ever. What’s on it?
What’s the best vacation you have ever taken?
If you had a million dollars that you had to donate to charity, which charity would you give it to?
Rainy weekend and you are home alone. How do you spend your time?
What’s your favorite season for outdoor activities?
You’re at a make-your-own sundae bar. Which toppings do you choose?
What’s the most valuable thing you ever learned in school?
What’s your most sentimental gift that you have ever received?
What’s your favorite activity from your childhood PE class?
What’s your favorite decade?
Would you rather go back in time, or be transported to the future?
Would you rather have a quiet dinner with a few friends, or party with 100 friends?
What’s the best birthday or Christmas present you remember getting when you were a kid?
If you could learn any skill, what would it be?
If you could spend a day with any professional athlete, who would you choose?
What’s the quality that people admire most about you?
What’s your most annoying quality or habit?
What’s the bravest thing you have ever done?
You just won a cruise to anywhere in the world! Where would you go?
What kind of pets did you have growing up?
Would you rather go hang gliding or relax on the beach watching the hang gliders?
Surprise parties: Love ‘em or hate ‘em?
Science fiction? Romantic comedy? What’s your favorite movie genre?
If you could go back and do your college years over, what would you do differently?
What’s your best dance move?
What is your best recipe?
Who is the fictional character that you have the most in common with?
Camping. Love it or hate it?
What is one of your first childhood memories?
Who was your toughest teacher?
Who is the smartest person you know?
Who was one of your childhood role models?
What’s your favorite way to relax?
What is the best amusement park ride you have ever ridden?
Who is your favorite comedian?
What’s your favorite party game?
What are three positive words that people often use to describe you?
A movie? A concert? A ball game? What is your favorite spectator activity?
What is an interesting fact about you that nobody in this room knows?
What is your favorite local restaurant?
What is one non-work related goal that you would like to achieve in the next five years?
What is a slogan that describes you or your values?
What is your favorite tech toy — for work or play — that you can’t live without?
You get to redecorate the conference room! What color do you paint these walls?
Spring, summer, fall or winter: What’s your favorite season and why?
What is one interesting fact about your high school or college?
What is something — a food or activity — that you tried reluctantly, and it turns out you like it?
Where were you born? What is an interesting fact about your hometown?
What’s your favorite time of day: morning, afternoon, evening or late night?
What is part of your daily routine that you look forward to every day?
What will be the title of your autobiography?
When did you call customer service to complain?
Where would you vacation if money were no object?
When you read or watch TV, do you go for fiction or non-fiction?
Can you remember a bumper sticker that made you smile?
What is one thing you learned from a project that went wrong?
What is your superhero name?